Add collaborative session creation guide (#608)
geojupyter/jupytergis: docs/user_guide/tutorials/02-collaboration/index.md

:::{admonition} Prerequisites
:class: warning

> Before beginning this tutorial, JupyterGIS must be installed on your computer (see [Installation instructions](https://jupytergis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/install.html)). Alternatively, you can use an online installation of JupyterGIS. Check out [the instructions](../../features/collab.md) for creating collaborative JupyterGIS sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before beginning this tutorial, JupyterGIS must be installed on your computer (see [Installation instructions](https://jupytergis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/install.html)). Alternatively, you can use an online installation of JupyterGIS. Your choice may have implications for collaboration, so please read our [collaboration feature overview](../../features/collab.md) for more context.
```
